warning the following video be so manly
that it can make a woman roll beard so
you are a little Justin Beaver pussy my
gosh look at that chilling in the fire
truck I mean look people this first half
was so boring these guys were so stuck
in their spawn that I'm not even gonna
show you guys the first half I mean this
is the highlight of the first half me
getting the kill camera it was so boring
people for real now this class that I'm
using right here is called the aforesaid
up whatever and I mean I just decided to
I was creating these classes in comedy
ghost and I was like yo can I make a for
class setup in called ego so I was
trying to create it but no I can't
then I remembered that then I realized
whatever that I could create this class
in the black ops 2 so I decided to apply
black ops 2 and let me tell you
something I played this game for 4 hours
in a row played I played it the whole
afternoon and it was like going through
hell for 4 hours it was it was a very
bad experience I really disliked this
game but I'm not gonna lie to you I was
actually having fun trying to use this
class setup if you want to do well in
Call of Duty Black Ops 2 you don't want
to use an LMG I mean you can use it an
LMG the thing is you can't move if you
move you're gonna get owned LMGs are
just a fewh one if you want to do good
with it with an LMG you gotta stay
behind the barrel using a target finder
otherwise you're fucked but we don't
want to do that here boys because this
channel is not about social degenerate
fucking nerds camping you know with
their little target finders behind the
barrel it's about beats running around
look at that shit I thought the guy was
dead that's why I stopped shooting I
hate this fucking game but anyways this
class setup that I'm using right here as
I said this is called the for class
setup for is the god of thunder and his
main weapon is the the hammer so that's
what we're using here with
using the hammer the hammer is loud tors
hammer is fucking loud but I can't play
this game without a silencer it's
impossible so if you can't play without
a silencer that's cool you stock for
example it will be very helpful I'm
using grip because toward the Thor
doesn't miss he has great accuracy there
that's why I'm using grip so that I can
have a beast accuracy as equipment
equipment I'm using the trophy system
because Thor can create a shield around
him that protects him from you know
incoming whatever attacks something like
that
I'm using two shock dildos because a
four is the god of thunder there and
therefore he can I use he uses lightning
to you know attack his enemies this and
that whatever that's why I'm using the
little shock dildos because the
electrify the enemies just like the
Lightning does whatever and obviously
you can also get kills with a shock you
know if the the enemy is damaged enough
so it's perfect it is look at that that
is absolutely garbage garbage right
there this is so fucked up and what else
am I using s perks I am using
flak jacket because I mean Thor has a
nice armor and the armor gives him a
protection gives him protection against
you know incoming attacks whatever
something like that and you as you can
see the oflag jacket emblem is a shield
so that makes perfect sense to use a
flak jacket I'm using as Middle Park
toughness because look at that toughness
has a bicep like a big arm right there
and Thor is a fucking beast therefore
I'm using toughness and I mostly looked
at this part of the gameplay was fucking
bad and I what I died tanta I was about
to quit right here I mean this game is
garbage I'm using marathon because Thor
can fly his fastness and that so I'm
using marathon because I want to be fast
and as the kill streaks I'm using the
lightning strike I mean the god Thor is
the
god of thunder so lightning strike uses
lightning so it makes perfect sense I'm
using the hellstorm missile because
because whatever because I'm using it
and I'm also using the UAV because the
four has that little thing the ol
all-seeing eye something like that and
he can see everything that's why I'm
using the UAV so if you want to
challenge yourself you should try this
class and right here I end this match on
a high note on a 10 if you allow me to
say that you know those sports where
they have to give notes to say to
classify their their performance in a
scale from a zero to ten this was a ten
because I mean I in this match on a 10
kill streak and I just I look like an
unstoppable fucking bitch look at that
thing just mowing down motherfuckers I
look like an unstoppable beast a
nightmare have you seen that boy have
you ever seen that movie with the ends
of Washington and stoppable no one can
stop the train that's me right here I
wasn't fucking stopping but I mean I was
like the train from a grand theft out of
five you can put everything you want in
front of it
but it won't stop you can do whatever
you want it won't fucking stop that's
what that's our end this match like near
the train for my grand theft out of five
using the third class setup I'm sorry
for not using the the original
commentary but I was raging like a
motherfucker
so so I decide not to use it because I
was just like fuck yeah and I was like
just like a Prez I hope you fucking die
I don't want to upload that so um and as
I said the first half was boring so
there you go guys if you want to
challenge yourself try to throw a class
at up I will see you next time peace
you